README.md, before:

## Impact Dialing

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/repos/521ce4f7c7f3a323041654cc/badges/94d7e824870b5f23e781/gpa.png)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/521ce4f7c7f3a323041654cc/feed)

### Installing

Install MySQL.

Make sure to disable `STRICT_TRANS_TABLES` sql_mode for MySQL. Locate & update `my.cnf` w/ following.

```
sql_mode=NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION #,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES
```

Restart MySQL.

Install Redis.

Install rvm and proper ruby version (see /.ruby-version).

### Running Specs

Start Redis: `redis-server`.

`rake spec`

### Running Dev Server

Start web & worker processes: `foreman start`.

### Deployment

Deploy to EC2: `bundle exec cap (aws|aws_staging) deploy`

Deploy to Heroku: `heroku push remote-repo branch`

### Servers & Environments

#### Staging

##### EC2

ssh user: `root`

deploy user: `impactdialing`

- Redis-Staging
- Haproxy-Impact
- App1 Stage

##### Heroku

- impactdialing-staging
  - web
      - 1 unicorn
  - workers
      - 1 call\_flow
      - 1 upload\_download
- status-impactdialing
  - web
      - 1 unicorn

#### Production

##### EC2

ssh user: `ubuntu`

deploy user: `impactdialing`

- Redis-production
- Haproxy Prod
- LTS1
- LTS2

##### Heroku

- impactkungfupushupsclient
  - web
      - 2 unicorn
  - workers
      - 1 background\_worker
      - 2 call\_flow
      - 1 clock
      - 1 dialer\_loop
      - 1 dialer\_worker
      - 1 persist\_worker
      - 1 simulator\_loop
      - 1 simulator\_worker
      - 1 twilio\_stats
      - 1 upload\_download

- impactcallergiraffeblue
  - web
    - 2 unicorn

### Whitelabeling

1. Logo should look good at 300x57 and be png
  1. Use imagemagick to convert format if needed `convert img.jpg img.png`
  1. Use imagemagick to resize if needed `convert img.png -resize xx% img-h1.png`
1. Update `en.yml` (use previous whitelabel entries as template)
  1. Billing Link is only for certain customers
1. Add logo to `public/img` folder, naming file `domain-name-h1.ext`
1. Update CSS in `public/styles/style.css` (use previous whitelabel entries as template - *class names are dynamically generated in erb*)
1. Verify logo displays nicely on localhost
  1. Update `/etc/hosts`
1. Buy domain from badger.com (use visa xx8669)
1. Setup domain in Cloudflare
  1. Use other domains as template
  1. Verify security rules whitelist upload urls
  1. Verify High Security Profile is used
  1. Verify CDN + High Performance is used
  1. Update DNS w/ Badger
1. Add domain to heroku production app

#### Test in staging

1. Add domain to heroku staging app
1. Add the following to `/etc/hosts`
  1. `impactdialing-staging.herokuapp.com whitelabel-domain.com`
1. Visit `whitelabel-domain.com`

### Test Phone Numbers

Hello no thank you: 971-264-5495

Minute conversation: 971-264-2814

Reject: 971-264-5346

Busy: 971-264-5467

Repeat adnauseum: 657-888-9655

### Trouble

#### Background Jobs

##### Unique jobs fail to run (resque-loner)

There may be a stale redis key still in memory. Try removing it with:

```
Resque::Plugins::Loner::Helpers.mark_loner_as_unqueued(:queue_name, {class: 'ClassOfPertinentJob', args: []})
```

### Contributing

Master is mainline development and should always be ready to deploy.

Work on features, bugs, etc should be done on topical branches. When ready push branch up and open a pull request.

Once the pull request is merged, delete the branch and carry on.

Commit message:

add example of checking if Resque::Loner job is queued

README.md, after:

## Impact Dialing

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/repos/521ce4f7c7f3a323041654cc/badges/94d7e824870b5f23e781/gpa.png)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/521ce4f7c7f3a323041654cc/feed)

### Installing

Install MySQL.

Make sure to disable `STRICT_TRANS_TABLES` sql_mode for MySQL. Locate & update `my.cnf` w/ following.

```
sql_mode=NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION #,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES
```

Restart MySQL.

Install Redis.

Install rvm and proper ruby version (see /.ruby-version).

### Running Specs

Start Redis: `redis-server`.

`rake spec`

### Running Dev Server

Start web & worker processes: `foreman start`.

### Deployment

Deploy to EC2: `bundle exec cap (aws|aws_staging) deploy`

Deploy to Heroku: `heroku push remote-repo branch`

### Servers & Environments

#### Staging

##### EC2

ssh user: `root`

deploy user: `impactdialing`

- Redis-Staging
- Haproxy-Impact
- App1 Stage

##### Heroku

- impactdialing-staging
  - web
      - 1 unicorn
  - workers
      - 1 call\_flow
      - 1 upload\_download
- status-impactdialing
  - web
      - 1 unicorn

#### Production

##### EC2

ssh user: `ubuntu`

deploy user: `impactdialing`

- Redis-production
- Haproxy Prod
- LTS1
- LTS2

##### Heroku

- impactkungfupushupsclient
  - web
      - 2 unicorn
  - workers
      - 1 background\_worker
      - 2 call\_flow
      - 1 clock
      - 1 dialer\_loop
      - 1 dialer\_worker
      - 1 persist\_worker
      - 1 simulator\_loop
      - 1 simulator\_worker
      - 1 twilio\_stats
      - 1 upload\_download

- impactcallergiraffeblue
  - web
    - 2 unicorn

### Whitelabeling

1. Logo should look good at 300x57 and be png
  1. Use imagemagick to convert format if needed `convert img.jpg img.png`
  1. Use imagemagick to resize if needed `convert img.png -resize xx% img-h1.png`
1. Update `en.yml` (use previous whitelabel entries as template)
  1. Billing Link is only for certain customers
1. Add logo to `public/img` folder, naming file `domain-name-h1.ext`
1. Update CSS in `public/styles/style.css` (use previous whitelabel entries as template - *class names are dynamically generated in erb*)
1. Verify logo displays nicely on localhost
  1. Update `/etc/hosts`
1. Buy domain from badger.com (use visa xx8669)
1. Setup domain in Cloudflare
  1. Use other domains as template
  1. Verify security rules whitelist upload urls
  1. Verify High Security Profile is used
  1. Verify CDN + High Performance is used
  1. Update DNS w/ Badger
1. Add domain to heroku production app

#### Test in staging

1. Add domain to heroku staging app
1. Add the following to `/etc/hosts`
  1. `impactdialing-staging.herokuapp.com whitelabel-domain.com`
1. Visit `whitelabel-domain.com`

### Test Phone Numbers

Hello no thank you: 971-264-5495

Minute conversation: 971-264-2814

Reject: 971-264-5346

Busy: 971-264-5467

Repeat adnauseum: 657-888-9655

### Trouble

#### Background Jobs

##### Unique jobs fail to run (resque-loner)

There may be a stale redis key still in memory.

Check:
```
Resque::Plugins::Loner::Helpers.loner_queued?(:queue_name, {class: 'ClassOfPertinentJob', args: []})
```

Then remove it with:
```
Resque::Plugins::Loner::Helpers.mark_loner_as_unqueued(:queue_name, {class: 'ClassOfPertinentJob', args: []})
```

### Contributing

Master is mainline development and should always be ready to deploy.

Work on features, bugs, etc should be done on topical branches. When ready push branch up and open a pull request.

Once the pull request is merged, delete the branch and carry on.
